Master Karma Chami is teaching on the union of Dzogchen and Mahamudra, but this is a condensed
teaching, so I have to explain it. So this is a condensed teaching. For that reason, he
even, yeah, he said that's a condensed. So those people who want to do the practice of
the union of the Mahamudra and Dzogchen, I will explain the very condensed level. That's
what the great master Raga Aceh says. So the Amuda, now when you follow the path of the Dzogchen
or these practices of Mahamudra, according to the teaching, first you contract with the
qualified teachers. And the qualified teachers. And also contract with the qualified teachers
with the proper manner and the proper systems. What is that? That is joy and appreciations
and then devotions. You contract that. From the deep of heart, I like to explore and I like to
do the practice, meditate, explode, realization, or get enlightenment or some degree of all those
visual thoughts, attitudes, people. Then you see the teachings. Teachings and then, but when you
see the teaching and the instructions, what are those? In the teaching, always you see the
teachings
and the instructions, particularly in Vedic teaching, you see also the empowerment, transmission,
and a bit of instructions. When you see the teachings and also then practice, follow with
the foundation practices, such as the Mundo practices. Those are the foundation practices.
And all these practices, how we are going to practice, and that is going to practice by the,
as I mentioned earlier, I mentioned two days ago, and we all know that. We need devotion,
joy for effort, and anyway, clear mind. We are going to practice, practice. And to get with that,
then poor renunciation of thoughts, or poor those thoughts. Poor renunciation is again, what are
those? Those are the, of course, you all know that it is thinking of the precious within lives,
and it's like thinking of the impermanence, and thinking of the cause and ethics that are
inevitable, and thinking of the samsara has a lot of challenge in the difficulties.
So, rough relaxing those thoughts, clearly and beautifully, really joy and appreciation,
with that thought. And then there is a practice, practice, and particularly this song is meditation
.
Oh, meditation. There are two practices, generally those are practices of the visualization,
practices, really, just simply, meditation, resting in the calm and peaceful states.
So, either one are so special, powerful, but this time, mainly explaining highlight of the,
of the, of the meditation, silence meditation. And now to do this, this is what? Here, say that,
all of the, among the, among the, among the method of the realization, it appears in our own
mind, among the method of the realization of appearing in our own mind, there is no
techniques more profound than the guru yours. And so that's about the great master, Kedokarma Chami
,
is highlight of the devotion is so important. What that devotion I asked, we went through,
and you all know that, that in the devotion is a combination of the joy, and appreciation,
and confidence. Confidence, that is this three beautiful attitudes are combined together,
that is known as devotion. In the debate world, there is a general tool,
Tepa and Mugu. Tepa means, I think, it's exactly same as in, in, in English, English pad, F-A-I-T-F
,
pad. And then, then Mugu is devotion. So, what is the difference between pad and devotion in
English? Maybe it's very similar, but in the debate, devotion means, I mean, this Mugu means,
it's joy, appreciation, and confidence. Feel the precious, really precious. Feel up in joy,
and like to do, like to explore, like to settle, settle that. No, not lingering of the doubt and
hesitations, this and that. Now you settle, now settle. Life is a devotion. When you have that
devotion, then, after we continue to keep that, strongly keep that, then it really boom. It will
arise in that. That's what we're looking for, of the realization. For that reason, I mean, the
devotion
is so important. Every teaching says, and the Buddha Shakyamuni also, he has so many teaching
images. Even he himself has a great deal, even though he's 10 women born in Sato before to get
enlightenment. According to the general teaching, teaching is because he was born as a princess,
and a princess, but he left the kingdom, and to explore, and to search of the enlightenment,
or search of the meaning of life. But in the teaching said, his determination, joy, and
appreciation, and perseverance to explore that is unshakable. That tells how strong that is,
and how his devotees. And then he will set under the Bodhi tree, what he made a commitment to get
in life, before we get enlightenment. Under the Bodhi tree, we lay out perfectly beautiful
kuja grass, and teaching says, and under the Bodhi tree, facing to the east direction, and he said,
no matter whatever happened in this setting, without the opportunity, the enlightenment
are never, never going to move from this cushion, or this sitting, sitting. Whether my book, the
bone
is, or my skin is completely dried up, bones are coming apart, but earth is cracking and going to
tell bone. But I'm never going to move from this, this, without obtaining the enlightenment, or the
discoverer of the enlightenment. That shows that courage, and commitment, and confidence.
Then all the Mara's came, and all those that we, we, you know that, that. And then in all the
great mass, Gurdhva Maasambhava is known as the totally emanation of the Buddha Amitabha,
reincarnation of the Buddha Shakyamuni. But even him, in that externally to show to us, really he
pursued very assertive practices, many places, received the teaching, and when all the different
places practiced, meditated, exalted, and then he announced, or he claimed that I received it,
I've become the enlightenment, or I received the immortality, and so forth. But he is already
seated. But even though that he showed to us, he showed how important. Then you read all the books,
there are those great masters, we call the great masters, look after their life stories, one after
another. Another, they contracted so perfectly, practiced in the meditated, and followed their
struggles, and struggles with the courage and commitment with the devotees. Other day we are
talking about the one, the person asked, did Telova's, and about the Nara's. And they looked at
their
life stories. How Telova is, how strong he is, how powerful he is, in a way, and the Nara's part,
how much he's committed, how strong his joy, and the appreciation, the confidence, the courage,
never lingered, never lingered, even though he wears so many hardships, difficult. In the teaching
he said, that purified all the obscurators, being as asad practices, and purified, and then he got
realization. I mean, all that one after another, it's so, all these great masters. So that's how
she assures them, that the devotions, and the coordination, confidence, that not lingering,
that that is so important, important, and necessary in order to develop the realization.